# Pool 2

_Students must receive a score of 27/29 to proceed. All questions are multiple choice questions and there could be one or more possible correct answers._&#x53;tudents must receive a score of 27/29 to proceed. All questions are multiple choice questions and there could be one or more possible correct answers.

1. What is one of the core innovations of the Bitcoin design?

The “lightspeed” propagation of transactions.  ✓

The instant propagation and settlement of transactions on the global network.&#x20;

Incentivizing rapid transaction propagation as a solution to double spending.  ✓

All of the above.&#x20;

1. Why is it a priority for nodes that discover a transaction to make sure that every other node knows about that transaction?

So that other nodes don’t attempt to use it for their blocks.&#x20;

To ensure that the transaction is valid.&#x20;

Or else any block it propagates may be rejected.  ✓

To ensure it is the first time the inputs have been spent.  ✓

1. What may happen if a node does not notify other nodes about a transaction?

Another transaction may spend the same coins and the node’s block may be rejected.  ✓

Other nodes are completely unable to verify the block containing that transaction once it is propagated to the network.&#x20;

Blocks  generated by the node containing it may be rejected as a double spend.  ✓

All of the above.&#x20;

1. What is the chance of a double spend transaction being considered valid?

Almost none.&#x20;

Effectively zero.  ✓

A slight chance.&#x20;

It happens occasionally.&#x20;

1. Why is it that a double spend has no chance of being validated by the network?

The small world network.  ✓

The First Seen Rule.  ✓

Pool-miners.&#x20;

All of the above.&#x20;

1. What is it about the small world network that prevents double spends?

The speed that transactions are broadcasted and received.  ✓

The honesty of nodes and their altruism in protecting the network.&#x20;

The incentives prevent nodes from engaging in double spends.&#x20;

The dense connectivity between nodes.  ✓

1. The rapid propagation of valid transactions by nodes ensures they have the best chance of what?

Winning a potential orphan race.&#x20;

Connecting to more nodes.&#x20;

Successfully finding a valid proof-of-work for its block.&#x20;

Making it the only valid version.  ✓

1. Why does a node need to be able to receive a block as quickly as possible?

For its own verification.&#x20;

Since energy that is spent building upon a superseded block is wasted.&#x20;

To keep its own blocks from potentially being invalid.&#x20;

All of the above.  ✓

1. Once a node finds a valid proof-of-work solution what does it need to quickly provide the rest of the network?

The block header and valid nonce.&#x20;

The block announcement and transaction list.  ✓

The block hash and Merkle root.&#x20;

All of the above.&#x20;

**10. Nodes need to make sure that other nodes on the network become aware of their \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ in order to have the best chance of  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ as part of the \_\_\_\_\_\_\_.**

presence on the network, forming dense connections, Small World Network&#x20;

block proposals, being validated, blockchain&#x20;

noticed transactions, nodes connecting to it, small world network&#x20;

block immediately, it being built upon, longest proof of work chain  ✓

**11. What will be needed as the Bitcoin network usage grows?**

Bigger blocks.  ✓

Secondary transaction layers.&#x20;

More energy.&#x20;

More nodes.&#x20;

**12. What will be the result of ever increasing block sizes as network usage grows?**

Systems that specialize in the validation of transactions and blocks.  ✓

The parallelization of real-time transaction management.  ✓

Predictive transaction and block generation for improved speed.&#x20;

Fewer nodes will participate due to the difficulties of processing large blocks.&#x20;

**13. Transaction inputs using particular \_\_\_\_\_\_ can be sorted into specific optimized pipelines. Once the inputs have been validated, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ to the block template.**

scriptSig, the transactions is reassembled, its hash added&#x20;

Template types, the transaction is valid, appended  ✓

Outputs, the inputs, outputs are added&#x20;

Templates, the templates are reassembled, added&#x20;

**14. How could transaction management be parallelized by nodes?**

Nodes can validate many separate transactions simultaneously by sorting them based on their fees.&#x20;

By using Field Programmable Gate Arrays.  ✓

Each transaction’s inputs can be sorted for validation by their template types.  ✓

All of the above.&#x20;

**15. When would a Field Programmable Gate Array be useful for nodes?**

To allow for the lightspeed sharing of transactions and blocks with the network.&#x20;

When broadcasting large blocks to the network for validation.&#x20;

When dealing with large quantities of a specific transaction type.  ✓

All of the above.&#x20;

**16. What may eventually be possible that would be helpful for nodes processing transactions?**

The parallelization of real-time transaction management.  ✓

Micro-processor based proof-of-work generation.&#x20;

FPGAs.  ✓

Silicon that is capable of processing the opcodes used in Bitcoin script.  ✓

**17. How is Bitcoin able to deliver services from within the same financial instrument that pays for it?**

By allowing for almost instant transaction validation.&#x20;

By parallelizing the transaction management process.&#x20;

Using micro-transactions.&#x20;

Using payment channels.  ✓

**18. What can payment channels allow for?**

Cumulative small payments.  ✓

Periodic settlement based on usage instead of subscription.  ✓

Paying only for what you consume of a service or product.  ✓

The settlement of valuable one time payments.&#x20;

**19. Which protocol allows a node operator to embed identifying information inside the coinbase transaction of their winning block to provide proof of their activities?**

TXID&#x20;

MinerID  ✓

ECDSA&#x20;

mAPI&#x20;

**20. What allows businesses to open direct lines of communication with nodes?**

TXID&#x20;

MinerID&#x20;

ECDSA&#x20;

mAPI  ✓

**21. How do businesses identify nodes they want to connect with?**

TXID&#x20;

MinerId  ✓

ECDSA&#x20;

mAPI&#x20;

**22. What benefits do businesses get from connecting with nodes?**

Getting fee quotes.  ✓

Submitting transactions.  ✓

Instant transaction settlement.&#x20;

Querying transactions status.  ✓

**23. What is minerID?**

A hash of the miners ECDSA key and it’s IP address.&#x20;

A private key from an ECDSA keypair.&#x20;

A public key from an ECDSA keypair.  ✓

A 4 byte string of metadata representing the nodes operating title.&#x20;

**24. How does a node use ECDSA keys to sign minerID metadata?**

Through a False Return output.  ✓

Through the scriptSig of the coinbase transaction.&#x20;

Through the minerID field.&#x20;

In the block header.&#x20;

**25. What do nodes using mAPI provide?**

User certainty.  ✓

Transaction certainty.&#x20;

Block certainty.&#x20;

All of the above.&#x20;

**26. What is a node’s function?**

A network monitoring service.&#x20;

A financial services provider.&#x20;

A validator and timestamper.  ✓

All of the above.&#x20;

**27. What are blocks?**

Transaction validation engines.&#x20;

Timestamped records of transactions.  ✓

The first line of defense against double spends.&#x20;

All of the above.&#x20;

**28. Which are “tools” maintained by node operators?**

Transactions.&#x20;

Blocks.&#x20;

The UTXO set.  ✓

The ledger.  ✓

**29. Bitcoin's economics are finely tuned and \_\_\_\_\_\_ can negatively impact network performance. For this reason Bitcoin must be built and operated as \_\_\_\_\_\_ with work instead focused on building \_\_\_\_\_\_\_.**

dishonest behavior, transparently as possible, trust and simplicity&#x20;

large scale utilization, settlement layer, alternative methods of scaling Bitcoin&#x20;

minor software changes, infrastructure,  advanced node client technologies  ✓

improper usage, a security protocol, methods to prevent attacks on the network&#x20;
